it's about the classic me what valencia club 1991 season the game is
bad for the muaa mare for the central part murderous and tomic dominating the
test by the inner part of the high school is located and also outside to the
They took me to the filly bossa viera the fight against the fontera villa linda
fifth places the sector places for mua and the last one for garican the public
applauds when they pass in front of the goal in the classic I think of valence
season of the sensitive 91 the veteran
palomino on the inside but the mossa platea struggles on the outside although it is to say
stuck the railing pulls now slight advantage in the second is the mossa
third slip mail the fourth is for the beautiful mare lindahl quit by
arona m the sixth to mua quite close and a layman that apply to the running
the last place is the classic me what valencia club season of '91
dominate 12 civic the race the other sliding filly comes now the fight
on the inside slide that is placed half body beautiful beautiful passed to the third the
moza run the fourth in the fifth is advancing through the central part lomense
that rambo pretty close figari face also tried to approach the peloton
being approximately seven bodies from the tip 25 49 3 and 74 4 the first
partial in the classic me what valencia club season of 91 chesini forde
outside dominated sliding to gamble on the inside Vienna
head the ccb corcuera made inside I do not get to the third cute beautiful
run fourth the fifth is for gaby face of the sector for muafi and looks bad we're going to
that the last place regence civic dominating the career the pessimist between
down the bottom
it puts flavor to the test and has placed body that is exhibited that entered
forward on the sliding straight now looking for the outside agency agency
sibenik looks more comfortable now they make happy ante for the second and afro
fallera becará inside signs sevilla is naming the
classic I think of valencia gentile
easily the yaguasa exhibits the best of valencia lizcano ccb
at the end it was the face entrance for the second
happily great career in the third dwelling employment 4th 5th beautiful are pretty
bank
and the last place is for jihad